hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1984 comedy ghostbusters
the first Ghostbusters film so let's get
started the film opens on a team of New
York paranormal investigators called the
Ghostbusters the team consists of Peter
Venkman Raymond Stantz Egon Spengler and
a new hire winston zeddemore the
ghostbusters use high-tech equipment to
capture ghosts and often caused a fair
amount of destruction in the process the
Ghostbusters are hired by Dana Barrett
whose apartment has been haunted by a
demonic spirit name Zuul
who is the servant to gozer the gozerian
the sumerian god of destruction
the Venkman tries to win the affection
of Donna however he is also competing
with Donna's neighbor Lewis Tully
Donna is eventually possessed by Zul
declaring herself the gatekeeper her
neighbor Lewis is also possessed by
another demon declaring himself a key
master both begin to talk about the
coming of Gozer
so the ghost busters separate the two
while this is all going on the
Environmental Protection Agency has the
Ghostbusters arrested for operating as
unlicensed waste handlers as they are
storing the captured ghosts in their
facility
the EPA shuts down the containment
system and a massive explosion occurs
and all the ghosts of the Ghostbusters
have captured are set free and begin
causing havoc throughout New York the
possessed Lewis and Donna are able to
meet up and transform into demonic
hounds and begin the process of
summoning Gosar's in jail the
Ghostbusters discover that Donna's
apartment was built by a cult leader
named Evo Shandor who wanted to bring
about the destruction of humanity and
built the apartment as a conduit for
summoning gozer the ghostbusters are set
free to fight the ghosts and travel to
Donna's apartments roof but discover
that Gozer has already arrived the team
are briefly able to stop Kozar who
disappears and says that she will choose
a new form that the team decides they
try to think of nothing but ray thinks
of a corporate mascot from his childhood
the Stay Puft Marshmallow
Gozer reappears as a massive marshmallow
man and begins attacking the city the
Ghostbusters take their energy streams
and cross the stream firing at Gosar's
portal this defeats Gozer and frees
donna and luis though covered in
marshmallow fluff the ghostbusters are
treated as heroes for saving the city of
New York so that was the spoilers for
ghostbusters if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on the various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching